Add cpp examples (#435)
nmslib/hnswlib: examples/cpp/EXAMPLES.md

        alg_hnsw->addPoint(data + i * dim, i);
    }

    // Query the elements for themselves and measure recall
    float correct = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < max_elements; i++) {
        std::priority_queue<std::pair<float, hnswlib::labeltype>> result = alg_hnsw->searchKnn(data + i * dim, 1);
        hnswlib::labeltype label = result.top().second;
        if (label == i) correct++;
    }
    float recall = correct / max_elements;
    std::cout << "Recall: " << recall << "\n";

    // Serialize index
    std::string hnsw_path = "hnsw.bin";
    alg_hnsw->saveIndex(hnsw_path);
    delete alg_hnsw;

    // Deserialize index and check recall
    alg_hnsw = new hnswlib::HierarchicalNSW<float>(&space, hnsw_path);
    correct = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < max_elements; i++) {
        std::priority_queue<std::pair<float, hnswlib::labeltype>> result = alg_hnsw->searchKnn(data + i * dim, 1);
        hnswlib::labeltype label = result.top().second;
        if (label == i) correct++;
    }
    recall = (float)correct / max_elements;
    std::cout << "Recall of deserialized index: " << recall << "\n";

    delete[] data;
    delete alg_hnsw;
    return 0;
}
```

> An example with a filter during the search:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of filtering with a boolean function during the search:
```
